We do produce Real Passport. Fake Passport, Real Driver License, Fake Driver License, Real Visa, Fake Visa Online, Fake Id Card, Real Id Card For Sale, Real and Fake Birth Certificate For Sale. Toefl and IELTS certificate without exams for sell.

Our Real Documents:
	Our real documents are registered in the government database, and all our passport are biometric and scannable which you can use them to travel to any part of the world. we work with money embassies in the world, so when a customer commands for a real passport, we will issue the passport and give them so the passport can be registered into the database, which you can use it to travel to any part of the world we work with the embassies discreetly.
Our Fake Documents
	We do produce the fake document like: Fake Passport, Fake Driver license, Fake Id Card, Fake Birth Certificate, Fake Ielts Fake Toefl online without exams. Fake visa, Fake degrees, Fake Marriage Certificates, Fake Resident Permit e.t.c  With the fake documents, they are not registered into the government database, but you can use them for any other use, but you can not travel with them because its not registered and its not scannable, so its a risk for you if you use them to travel, you may be jail to prison, for the real documents its %100 genuine, which you can use them anywhere you want to go. Contact Us For More
	
Counterfeit banknotes (Super notes) and SSD Black Money Solution
	The quality of our notes is AAA+. Some features of our counterfeit banknotes include metallic ink and thread, micro-lettering, holographic strips and holograms, IR detection, watermarks, see through features, ultra-violet features and different serial numbers. These features contribute toward the making of 100% undetected notes. We make them in such a way that you can use them in areas such as ATM, casinos, banks, stores as well as money changers.
	
FAQ
	The following are the most frequently asked questions on identity, travel, residence and international citizenship. Please keep in mind that the requirements may vary as per different countries and only the general questions are answered below. If you have any questions, which need clarification, please do not hesitate to Contact Us.
	
	1. HOW dOES THIS SERVICE WORK?
		You start by placing an order with us. To place an order, kindly contact us via the Contact form or send us a direct Email Via: info@buyrealpassport.com regarding the document you want us to produce for you. Once we receive your email, we shall respond you with the full information and qualities of the document you are ordering and once you confirm us the quality(Real Or Fake) you want, we shall provide you the price of the supposed document regarding it’s quality and the Terms of producing the document. Once you confirm the price and terms, we shall proceed with the production process of your document and once we are done with the production of your document, we shall proceed with delivery of your document.
	2. Why should i trust your service?
		We are professionals in this and we have been doing this for years now with 100% success. Apart from the Testimonials our clients give, you can go through our website to see some few samples of documents and the sample video. We receive a minimum of 2-7 orders every day from clients worldwide and they always recommend our services to others once they receive their documents. So be rest assured of our legitimacy.

		Can I use your Real documents instead of the ones from the authorities?

		Yes, our real documents are the same as 
	3. I have a Real Passport, but i want a Fake passport from you guys with a Different information.
		What ever document you want us to produce for you, whether Real or Fake, all we need from you is the information that you decide to give us. Be it your Real information or Not, we shall use them to produce your document. So any information you provide us with is the same information you shall find in your document.

		My passport has been seized and i want a new one. Can you erase my previous information and produce me a new one with same info?

		For us to produce you a new Passport, we shall trace your previous information in 
	4. What if you Produce me a Real document and it expires, how will i Renew it if i don't find you guys again?
		Once we have produced you a Real document, then all your information are registered in the supposed database. So when your document expires, you have every rights to go to the authorities of your Country for them to Renew your document and everything will be done without any problems. Once they check the system and see that your information are registered validly, they will renew your document without any problems.

		Can i fully pay for my document after i receive it?

		For security and production reasons, we accept 100% payment upfront. We can accept 70% upfront depending on the documents and the amount you are paying, minimum amount is $1500 that we accept 70% deposit on. You will complete the remaining money when we have send you a picture of your document so we can do the delivery of your document to the address you will provide to us.
		
	5.  Apart from the Verification Diskette, what other means can i verify that my document is real before i start using it?
		You can go to the consular of the supposed country or the authorities of the supposed document to verify with them. For example, if we produced you a US Passport, you can take the Passport to the US authorities or embassy or consular in your Country for them to verify the Passport. And if we are producing you a California driver’s license, then you shall take the driver’s license to the California DMV to verify. This is your Right and you don’t have nothing to worry about.
	6.  I have a Real Passport, but i want a Fake passport from you guys with a Different information.
		What ever document you want us to produce for you, whether Real or Fake, all we need from you is the information that you decide to give us. Be it your Real information or Not, we shall use them to produce your document. So any information you provide us with is the same information you shall find in your document.

		My passport has been seized and i want a new one. Can you erase my previous information and produce me a new one with same info?

		For us to produce you a new Passport, we shall trace your previous information in the system using your previous Passport number and erase all the previous information and then register your new information for the new passport. So the other passport with the Police will have no use and it will just be a fake document with them because with the passport, they will never trace you or trace any of your information in the system.