-Magento QA Testing Services
 Deliver the best customer experiences and boost conversions with a bug-Free Magento store. 
I help you greatly reduce costs and improve your online presence by delivering top-quality QA services and keeping your website up-to-date and hassle-free.
	
-------------------------------------------
Why QA Testing Is Important?
	for Magento businesses
	
	Online business requires quality assurance to ensure their clients get superior products. 
	I am an Magento QA experts proficient in testing Magento solutions of any version and will check each component of your web store, and ensure its excellent performance. 
	I will help you to get a bug free and smooth Magento website that meets the market standards and your established goals.
	
---------------------------
Detecting & Bugs Fixing Early Reduces Costs 
	Once the quality assurance best practices are applied, you can significantly reduce costs, by ensuring your Magento store is bug-free. Identifying the flaws and resolving them at an early stage will mitigate risks that are potentially going to impact the performance of your Magento website.
	
Making Your Customers Happier
	As a QA expert, I ensure the functionality of your website is up-to-date, bug-free and faster, delivering the expected usability and performance of your store, thus enhancing user experience. By improving it, your website not only engages happier users but can also promote business value.

QA Prevents Breakdowns
	When you deal with software development, the whole project might fail if there is a small bug. The breakdown can arise due to many reasons. The QA team needs to perform a comprehensive test process before the product goes live. It helps to detect bottlenecks and breaking points to avoid damage, so the business can save on costly repair and maintenance work.
	
Keep Magento Store Secure
	Performing all types of testing allows finding where architecture bugs have been made that are not visible to the ordinary user. This guarantees that all your development errors or architectural faults are fixed, preventing data leaks and increasing the security of your Magento solution against hacking attacks.
	
----------------------------------
What if Magento QA is ignored?
	How bugs can impact your business?

Monetary Losses
	Magento QA testing must never be ignored or skipped. QA testers ensure that your Magento solution meets all set requirements without any issues, avoiding the bugs at all times. The error discovered after the launch might cost an extra significant amount than fixing it during the development stages, resulting in financial harm both for a business and users.
	
	To avoid potential monetary loss, QA experts follow these rules:
	Focus on all bugs effectively
	Categorize all the errors accordingly
	Ensure that minor defects won’t affect business in future
	Always stick to the high-quality standards

Brand Damage
	Considering customer satisfaction is a top priority when running an eCommerce business. Magento QA best practices ensure your website is bug-free, which will enhance the value of your brand and increase client loyalty, attracting and engaging your target audience.
	
	Here is how even minor bugs can damage your Brand:
	Annoying defects cost you product sales and business growth
	Clients close the website promptly
	Customers switch to your competitors
	Buyers never purchase from your site again
	
Negative Reviews on Social Media
	Unhappy clients rate their shopping experience with different vendors via online platforms. Negative reviews refrain potential customers' engagement from your eCommerce business. Bad feedback will lead to driving your clients toward your competitors, affecting your online presence and corporate growth.
	
	How to prevent losing your customer reputation:
	Fixing bugs in the early stages
	Increase focus on expert Magento QA and testing
	Involve a skilled Magento QA team in the development
	IT Delight knows all about bug-fixing, providing a full range of Magento development services
	
-----------------------------------
My Magento QA Testing Services

MAGENTO PERFORMANCE TESTING
	I will conduct a thorough investigation of your Magento website data and unique demands. I will check the total effectiveness and accuracy of your Magento solution based on miscellaneous terms before the solution goes live.

	Evaluation of the user-friendliness of an online store
	Ensure the load capacity
	Detailed load test scripts
	Data-driven testing
	Detailed reports with performance bottlenecks
	
MAGENTO INTEGRATION TESTING
	I will provide a smooth integration between your Magento store and other platforms. I improve and tackle all the shortcomings of your Magento website, giving a boost to its efficiency and functionality, and delivering the best result for you.

	Seamless integration of Magento solutions
	In-depth testing of each individual modules
	Full check of requirements of business modules
	Detailed analysis for Component Integration
	All updates are demonstrated
	
MAGENTO COMPATIBILITY TESTING
	With a lot of Magento extensions on the market, Magento compatibility testing ensures the safety and security provided by each extension. I provide compatibility testing is introduced to examine every Magento extension after its installation.

	QA in the latest versions of multiple browsers
	etting up an engaging user experience on mobile devices
	Safety and security provided
	Flawless integration
	No risk to your business data
	
MAGENTO PAYMENT TESTING
	Magento Payment Gateway Analysis is a crucial step before your website goes live, ensuring and securing payment processes. It’s the highest priority of QA testers and eCommerce owners to double-check and guarantee that all settings are properly configured and that there are no impediments preventing successful payment.

	Checking various types of payment providers
	DSS-PCI compliance
	Secure payments are accepted on all devices
	Test for authentication errors if any
	Time delay sessions