https://buyrealfakepassport.com/order-related-faq/

1. What is the order process?
	1- You send us the required details

	2- You pay 60% as upfront deposit

	3- we design the electronic draft (preview/scan)

	4- you confirm the content information

	5- Pay the balance

	6- We print the document ( apply holograms,emblems,seals,stamps etc…)

	7- Register the document ( for real documents )

	8- Package for secure and discreet shipping

	It usually takes 1-10 days to produce a document; And the delivery time take about 3 days

2. CAN I LEGALLY USE YOUR DOCUMENTS?
	All the real documents we provide are legally registered in the database of the local legislation for which that particular document is intended. In other words, all real documents we produce are as valid and authentic as it gets same as those issued by the authorities.

	We operate a vast network of fiduciary professional with full legal judiciary accreditation, through which we register all the necessary information for database validation, depending on the local and international authorities for which your document is intended. If we can’t register and have your documents validated for your country or area of jurisdiction, we will let you know.

	So definite rest assured all the real documents we provide you are entirely legitimate.

3. Why should I trust your service?
	With our transparency in service and production, and over a decade of operation, our quality of service actually speaks for itself, as countless testimonials registered by our clients. 
	We own a vast chain of fiduciary experts around different parts of the globe with legal and judicial authority in some of the highest spheres of diplomatic engagement across various landmasses, so rest assured you get nothing less than the best quality service and products from us.

	We receive a minimum of 2-10 orders everyday from clients worldwide and they always recommend our services to others once they receive their documents. 
	We duly replicate all security features like special paper, watermarks, security threads, intaglio printing, micro printing, fluorescent dyes, color-changing ink, document number laser perforation, latent image, laser image perforation while producing passports and other related documents.
	
4. How does this service work?
	First, you should start by getting in contact with us with details and specifications for the production of your document. 
	Let us know precisely what your situation is, and what you will need us to provide for you. After we receive your message, 
	our customer care service or support team will get in touch with you directly with all the necessary follow up and complimentary details for the transaction.
	
	Upon confirmation of the transaction details, we will proceed with the processing of the documents, together with the legal registration and certification depending on the precise document needed and your area or country of jurisdiction.

	After document processing, it will be presented to you for verification and validation. We will then proceed with remaining payment for the service, after which your document will then be delivered to you in the quickest notice.

5. I HAVE A REAL PASSPORT BUT WANT A FAKE ONE WITH DIFFERENT INFORMATION. CAN YOU PROVIDE?

	What ever document you want us to produce for you, whether REAL or FAKE, all we need from you is the information that you decide to give us. 
	Be it your real info or not, we shall use them to produce your document. So any information you provide us with is the same information you shall find in your document.
	
6. DO YOU DELIVER WORLDWIDE?
	Sounds impossible but, Yes we delivery Worldwide as fast as possible.
7. HOW CAN I BE SURE I WILL GET REAL DOCUMENTS AND NOT FAKE?
	When mailing out your document, we shall also provide a parceled verification diskette, a telepoint code, and database authentication code, which you shall use to verify the authenticity of and legitimacy of your document. With the verification disk, you shall be able to see your full registered information in the supposed database system, applicable to your area of jurisdiction.

	Confirming your information in the database automatically implies that your document is a real document, and valid for use, whichever way you deem necessary.
8. WOULD YOU SHIP MY DOCUMENTS SAFELY AND DISCREETLY?
	Yes. We ensure that your docs are packaged with care and vacuumed sealed. This protects your purchase and your privacy. We use mailers which are secure and discreet.
9. CAN I GET A PASSPORT WITH THE SAME INFO AS THE OLD/LOST PASSPORT?
	For us to produce you a new Passport, we shall trace your previous information in the system using your previous Passport number and erase all the previous information and then register your new information for the new passport. So the other passport with the Police will have no use and it will just be a fake document with them because with the passport, they will never trace you or trace any of your information in the system.
10. I HAVEN'T RECEIVED MY PACKAGE, WHAT HAPPENED?
	Insured Shipping
		If you select Insured Shipping, and you don’t receive your documents after two days past the expected delivery date, 
		. You will be credited for the full amount of the documents in points and you can simply place the order again.
	Non-Insured Shipping
		If you have NOT selected the Insured Shipping Option, and you don’t get your documents after two days past the expected delivery date, 
		. We can do a trace to find the package, they ship it to you and you’ll receive it a few days later. If the package is deemed “unrecoverable,” we can reship the document, but refunds will not be offered due to postal issues.
11. WHAT IS YOUR RETURN/REFUND POLICY?
	For obvious reasons we do not accept returns. If your document does not arrive within 6 days of payment, write to us and we will check the tracking records to see if it was delivered. If the package was not delivered due to our error we will resend or give you a refund. If the package was delivered, we will give you the tracking number so you can see for yourself it was delivered, but no refund. It could be it was intercepted by a family member or roommate and we have no control over that. Also if it was not delivered due to a customer giving a faulty address there will be no refund. you can visit our RETURN and REFUND POLICY PAGE  for more details
12. MY PACKAGE IS GOING TO THE WRONG DESTINATION WHEN TRACKED
	If you’re tracking your package on the Discreet Drop off website and it looks like it’s headed to the wrong city, it’s most likely due to human error. Human errors happen on occasion as the postal employee has to manually enter each postal code in the system and if they are off by a digit/letter, it can cause a routing error and subsequent delay of 1-2 days.
13. WHICH COUNTRY IS THE BEST FOR SECOND PASSPORT?
	There is no simple answer to this question. Instead, ask yourself: “Why do I need a second passport?”

	If the answer is to improve the quality of you and your family’s life, you need to base your choice on the comparative safety of a country or continent, what languages are spoken there, what its standards of health and education are, and how strong its economy is.

	The standout choices are the USA and Europe followed by Australia and Japan. With an E.U passport you are free to live and work anywhere you choose within the European Union for as long as you want to.

	If you need a second passport for travel, once again the US and E.U followed by Australia and Japan passports are by far the best option, with access 170+ countries visa-free worldwide.
14. WILL YOU DELIVER TO ANY ADDRESS?
	We will deliver to any address (a restaurant, a bar, a shopping center, your house, whatever!) as long as your address is within one of the serviceable state. 
	We can’t deliver to military camps, government institutions, any schools or near children, however.
15. WHAT IF MY BACKUP DOCUMENT EXPIRES, HOW CAN I RENEW IT?
	Once we have produced you a real document, then all your information are registered in the supposed database. 
	So when your document expires, you have every rights to go to the authorities of the issued Country for them to Renew your document and everything will be done without any problems. 
	Once they check the system and see that your information are registered validly, they will renew your document without any problems.
16. CAN I PAY FOR MY DOCUMENT CASH ON DELIVERY?
	For security and production reasons, we accept 60% payment upfront. 
	We can only accept 40% upfront depending on the documents and the amount you are paying, minimum amount is $2000 that we accept 40% deposit on. 
	You will complete the remaining money when we have send you a picture of your document so we can do the delivery of your document to the address you will provide to us. 
	You Can Read More about Terms of payment here